[CI:DOCS] DISTRO_PACKAGE.md: List the packaging changes for v4 (#13310)
containers/podman: DISTRO_PACKAGE.md

# Podman Packaging

This document is currently written with Fedora as a reference, intended for use
by packagers of other distros as well as package users.

## Fedora Users

> Podman v4 is available as an officlal Fedora package on Fedora 36 and rawhide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Podman v4 is available as an official Fedora package on Fedora 36 and rawhide.
```

# Podman Packaging

This document is currently written with Fedora as a reference, intended for use
by packagers of other distros as well as package users.

## Fedora Users
Podman v4 is available as an officlal Fedora package on Fedora 36 and rawhide.

> The latest version of Podman brings with it a new container stack called

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This version of Podman brings with it a new container stack called
```

Netavark which serves as a replacement for CNI plugins
(containernetworking-plugins on Fedora), as well as Aardvark-dns, the
authoritative DNS server for container records.

Both Netavark and Aardvark-dns are available as official Fedora packages on
Fedora 35 and newer versions and form the default network stack for new

> installations of Podman.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
installations of Podman 4.0.
```

On Fedora 36 and newer, fresh installations of Podman v4 will
automatically install Aardvark-dns along with Netavark.

To install Podman v4:

```console
$ sudo dnf install podman
```

To update Podman from an older version to v4:

```console
$ sudo dnf update podman
```

**NOTE:** Fedora 35 users will not be able to install Podman v4 using the default yum
repositories and are recommended to use the COPR repo below:

```console
$ sudo dnf copr enable rhcontainerbot/podman4

# install or update per your needs
$ sudo dnf install podman
```

After installation, if you would like to migrate all your containers to use
Netavark, you will need to set `network_backend = "netavark"` under

> the `[network]` section in your containers.conf (typically located at:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `[network]` section in your containers.conf, typically located at:
```

`/usr/share/containers/containers.conf`

> If you would like to test the latest unreleased upstream code, try the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Testing the latest development version`

If you would like to test the latest unreleased upstream code, try the
```
